Add Concise Guide for Developing More Secure Software (#73)
ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers: docs/Concise-Guide-for-Developing-More-Secure-Software.md

17. **Improve your** [**Supply chain Levels for Software Artifacts (SLSA)**](https://slsa.dev/) **level**. This hardens the integrity of your build and distribution process against attacks.
18. **Publish and consume a software bill of materials (SBOM)**. This lets users verify inventory, id known vulnerabilities, & id potential legal issues. Consider [**SPDX**](https://spdx.dev/) or [**CycloneDX**](https://cyclonedx.org/).
19. **Onboard your project into** [**LFX Security**](https://security.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/) **if you manage a Linux Foundation project**.
20. **Apply the** [**CNCF Security TAG Software Supply Chain Best Practices guide**](https://github.com/cncf/tag-security/blob/main/supply-chain-security/supply-chain-security-paper/CNCF_SSCP_v1.pdf).
21. **Implement** [**ASVS**](https://owasp.org/www-project-application-security-verification-standard/) **and follow relevant** [**cheatsheets**](https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/index.html).
22. **Apply SAFECode's** [**Fundamental Practices for Secure Software Development**](https://safecode.org/uncategorized/fundamental-practices-secure-software-development/).

> 23. **Complete a third-party security code review/audit**. Expect this to be USD$50K or more.

Author: ```suggestion
23. **Complete a third-party security code review/audit**. Expect this to be $50,000 USD or more.
```

@david-a-wheeler I also noticed we kept `USD$50K` in 23. I think being slightly more explicit here would be beneficial as what we have right now, might not be as intuitive, at first glance.

Reviewer: Okay. People might want it shortened, but the meaning is unchanged.
